Added documentation for support of track as attribute for Rejseplanen (#32333)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/rejseplanen.markdown

      - 'Skanderborg Busterminal (Skanderborg Kom)'
```

## Track

> If you use the `track` filter it's important to put correct track number() or else the sensor will not work at all.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use the `track` filter, it's important to put the correct track number(); otherwise, the sensor will not work at all.
```

> - Replace YOUR_STOP_ID with the id for your stop and go to [http://xmlopen.rejseplanen.dk/bin/rest.exe/departureBoard?id=YOUR_STOP_ID](http://xmlopen.rejseplanen.dk/bin/rest.exe/departureBoard?id=YOUR_STOP_ID)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Replace YOUR_STOP_ID with the ID for your stop and go to [http://xmlopen.rejseplanen.dk/bin/rest.exe/departureBoard?id=YOUR_STOP_ID](http://xmlopen.rejseplanen.dk/bin/rest.exe/departureBoard?id=YOUR_STOP_ID).
```

> - The values under `rtTrack` is the ones you need to put under `track`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The values under `rtTrack` are the ones you need to put under `track`.
```

A working example on how to use this sensor with track:

```yaml
# Example configuration.yaml entry with the correct use of direction.
sensor:
  - platform: rejseplanen
    stop_id: "8600704"
    track: 1
```

## Route

> If you use the `route` filter it's important to put correct route name(s) or else the sensor will not work at all.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use the `route` filter, it's important to put the correct route name(s); otherwise, the sensor will not work at all.
```
